website: nit fixes (#475)
clusterlink-net/clusterlink: website/content/en/docs/getting-started/users.md

To set up ClusterLink on a Kubernetes cluster, follow these steps:

1. {{< anchor create-fabric-ca >}}Create the fabric's CA certificate and private key:

    ```sh
    clusterlink create fabric --name <fabric_name>
    ```

    The ClusterLink fabric is defined as all K8s clusters (peers) that install ClusterLink gateways and can share services between the clusters, enabling communication among those services.

>     This command will create the CA files `cert.pem` and `key.pem` in a directory named <fabric_name>. The `--name` option is optional, and by default, "default_fabric" will be used.

Reviewer: I think the default was changed and is not `default_fabric` - please confirm with @kfirtoledo

1. {{< anchor create-peer-certs >}}Create a peer (cluster) certificate:

    ```sh
    clusterlink create peer-cert --name <peer_name> --fabric <fabric_name>
    ```

>     This command will create the certificate files `cert.pem` and `key.pem` in a directory named <fabric_name>/<peer_name>. The `--path <path>` flag can be used to change the directory location. The `--name` option is optional, and by default, "default_fabric" will be used.

Reviewer: nit: please break line after the first period into the two sentences.

1. {{< anchor install-cl-operator >}}Install ClusterLink deployment operator:

    ```sh
    clusterlink peer deploy --autostart --name <peer_name> --fabric <fabric_name>
    ```

    This command will deploy the ClusterLink operator on the `clusterlink-operator` namespace and convert the peer certificates to secrets in this namespace.

>     The command assumes that `kubectl` is set to the correct peer (K8s cluster) and that the certificates were created by running the previous command on the same working directory. If they were not, use the flag `--path <path>` for pointing to the working directory that was used in the previous command. The `--fabric` option is optional, and by default, "default_fabric" will be used.

Reviewer: nits: 
- please break line.
- consistently capitalize K8s (or k8s)
- please confirm the default fabric name
```suggestion
    The command assumes that `kubectl` is set to the correct peer (K8s cluster) and that the certificates were created by running
    the previous command on the same working directory. If they were not, use the `--path <path>` flag to point to the
    working directory that was used in the previous command. The `--fabric` option is optional, and by default, "default_fabric" will be used.
```

    The `--autostart` option will deploy the ClusterLink components in the `clusterlink-system` namespace, and the ClusterLink project will start running in the cluster.

> To deploy ClusterLink on another cluster, please repeat steps 2-3 in a console with an access to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy ClusterLink on another cluster, please repeat steps 2-3 in a console with access to the cluster.
```

    EOF
    ```

    After the operator is installed, you can deploy ClusterLink by applying a ClusterLink object as shown above.

>     The ClusterlinkOperator will create the ClusterLink gateway components in the `clusterlink-system` namespace.

Reviewer: I don't expect the term `ClusterLinkOperator` to be meaningful to the user. Maybe just `operator` or `it`?
